Copy Location Shell Extension


This shell extension adds the ability to copy file and
folder names from the Windows Explorer window to the
clipboard.
Simply select the file(s) whose name you want to copy,
right-click and select "Copy File Path" or "Copy File Name"
from the context menu. Then paste to any editor.
Copy File Path - copies the entire path to the file.
Copy File Name - copies only the file name without the folder.


Setup

1. Unzip CopyLocation.zip to the folder where you want to
   install the utility (e.g., C:\Winnt).
2. Go to the installation folder and double-click on
   Install.bat.
3. If you wish, you can delete Install.bat.

Install.bat registers CopyLocation.dll in the system.

Alternatively you can:
1. Copy CopyLocation.dll to the installation folder (e.g.,
   C:\Winnt).
2. From the Start menu select Run...
3. Type "regsvr32.exe C:\Winnt\CopyLocation.dll" and press
   OK (specify the exact installation folder)

Note: you have to have administrative rights to run regsvr32.exe
      on Windows NT.

To uninstall the shell extension:
1. From the Start menu select Run...
2. Type "regsvr32.exe /u C:\Winnt\CopyLocation.dll" and
   press OK (specify the exact installation folder)
3. Delete CopyLocation.dll from the installation folder.


Possible problems

This shell extension has been tested on Windows 98, Windows
NT 4.0, Windows 2000 and Windows XP with Internet Explorer 5.0
to 6.0.
I don't know how it will function under other operating systems.
Please write to me (grebulon@gmail.com) if you encounter any
problems.


History

Version 1.00.1
  Some users had minor compilation problems.

Version 1.00.0
  First release outside my small beta tester comunity.


Freeware

This software is free. It is distributed with the
source code and you are encouraged to do anything you
want with it. If you do anything interesting, I'd be
happy to hear about it.


Contacting me

For comments, suggestions, improvements, bug reports,
etc. you can contact me at:

e-mail: grebulon@gmail.com
web:    http://grebulon.com

Have fun
Itay Szekely
